MEETING ALARM - standalone Windows prototype

Licensed under MIT; see LICENSE. Bundled dependencies retain their own terms;
see THIRD-PARTY-NOTICES.txt in the application folder.

INSTALL (NO DEVELOPER TOOLS REQUIRED)
Download MeetingAlarm-<version>-win-x64-Setup.exe from:
  https://github.com/chadtoney/MeetingAlarm/releases
If no installer has been published yet, use the source build below.
Run setup, follow the wizard, then open Meeting Alarm from the Start menu.
Setup installs for the current Windows user, without requesting administrator
rights. An optional desktop shortcut is available during setup.
The installer includes .NET and Windows App SDK. No separate runtime is needed.
If Windows or your organization blocks the unsigned installer, use the
applicable approval process; do not disable security protections.
To update, quit Meeting Alarm from the tray and run the newer installer.
Saved calendar settings remain in place. When switching from a portable copy,
disable Start at Windows sign-in in that copy before quitting and installing.
Re-enable it in the installed app if desired.

Build:
  .\build.ps1
Build a setup wizard (requires Inno Setup 6.3 or later):
  .\build.ps1 -Installer
  Output: artifacts\installer\MeetingAlarm-<version>-win-x64-Setup.exe
Run:
  .\artifacts\app\MeetingAlarm.App.exe

Requires Windows 10 2004+ or Windows 11. The x64 build also runs on Windows 11
Arm64 using x64 emulation. Build with .NET 10 SDK.
The output includes .NET and Windows App SDK; keep the entire app folder,
not just the executable. Restore downloads pinned public NuGet dependencies.

QUICK START
1. Open the app and click Test in 10 seconds.
2. An always-on-top reminder opens at the scheduled time. A generated,
   repeating two-note chime plays at normal system volume.
3. Dismiss or snooze for one minute. Join Teams meeting (or Join meeting)
   opens the event's HTTPS link in your default browser and acknowledges
   the reminder. The alarm also includes a clickable meeting link and
   Copy link. Copying leaves the alarm active and disables clipboard
   history/roaming for that copy. Events without a link explicitly say so.
4. Schedule local alarm creates a reminder only on this computer.
5. Closing the main window hides it to the tray. Click the tray icon to
   reopen; right-click for Open, Quiet/Resume, or Quit.
6. Start at Windows sign-in is optional and initially disabled.

CALENDAR SOURCES
Expand Calendar connection and choose Classic Outlook (on this PC) or
Microsoft Graph (cloud). Both are built in and operate without Scout.
Only one source is active at a time; local alarms remain available with
either source. Selecting a different dropdown option does not switch
the active source until Connect succeeds. A failed connection preserves
the previous source and cache. Refresh always refreshes the active source.
Source choice and its calendar snapshot survive application restarts.
The old Graph-only settings format is supported without reconfiguration.

Sources may use different event identifiers. Dismissals, snoozes, and
per-occurrence overrides are source-specific. Switching sources while a
meeting is starting can produce a fresh reminder for that meeting.

CLASSIC OUTLOOK SETUP (NO SEPARATE ENTRA APP REGISTRATION)
1. Install and open classic Outlook and configure its default mail profile.
   New Outlook alone does not expose the required local COM interface.
2. Confirm the default calendar in classic Outlook is the intended one.
3. In Meeting Alarm, select Classic Outlook (on this PC), then Connect.
4. Complete any Outlook profile/setup/security prompts yourself. The app
   never changes programmatic-access policy or bypasses a denied request.

This connector reads classic Outlook's default calendar via its local
COM interface. Classic Outlook may open or run in the background; you
can continue using new Outlook as your everyday UI. The connector never
quits Outlook, sends messages, edits events, or changes a response.
It expands recurring occurrences and uses UTC occurrence times. Supported
Teams join links are extracted locally; meetings without a recognized
link still receive an alarm with Snooze and Dismiss.
The COM work runs on a separate STA worker so Outlook does not freeze the
alarm UI. A blocked Outlook request times out visibly, but a native COM
call cannot be forcibly canceled. Resolve Outlook's pending dialogs before
retrying. The same worker is reused to prevent accumulating blocked calls.
Local cache reads do not prove that Outlook itself has synchronized with
Exchange. Check classic Outlook's connection/sync status when offline.
The app's last-sync time indicates its last successful read of Outlook.

MICROSOFT GRAPH SETUP
This connector has no shared application/client ID and does not borrow
Scout, Outlook, Azure CLI, or another application's tokens.
Use an approved Microsoft Entra application registration:
  - Supported account type appropriate for your tenant.
  - Authentication > Add a platform > Mobile and desktop applications.
  - Redirect URI: http://localhost (system browser, public client + PKCE).
  - Microsoft Graph delegated permission: Calendars.Read.
  - No client secret. No application permissions or daemon access.
Enter its application/client GUID and directory/tenant GUID in the app.
Select Microsoft Graph and click Connect Microsoft Graph, then complete
the browser sign-in. Administrator
consent may be required by your organization. No tenant resources are
created by this application.

The Graph connector supports only the public Microsoft cloud. GCC High
and DoD/national cloud endpoints require a separate supported connector.
Both connectors read the default calendar, including recurring occurrences,
from 12 hours ago through the next 7 days, refreshing every 2 minutes.
This application never sends messages or modifies calendar events.

DEFAULT RULES
Accepted meetings and meetings you organize with other attendees qualify.
Tentative and unanswered invitations are separate, off-by-default choices.
All-day events, canceled meetings, declined meetings, and solo appointments
are excluded. Local alarms qualify without attendees.
Per-occurrence Default / Always / Skip overrides do not override canceled,
declined, or all-day exclusions. Rescheduling creates a fresh occurrence.

RELIABILITY AND LIMITATIONS
Local timers check due alarms every second. Calendar changes can take up
to the refresh interval to arrive; offline cached alarms may be outdated.
Stale data is marked after five minutes. A resume or clock jump triggers
a refresh. Newly discovered meetings up to five minutes late can alert;
older unsnoozed meetings are skipped rather than dumping old reminders.
Snoozed alarms can resume beyond that grace period, but stop at meeting end.
Overlapping meetings receive independent reminders.
Quiet mode suppresses popups and sound for 30 minutes. Skipped reminders
are not queued indefinitely. There is no automatic Teams call detection.
Muted/disconnected audio, sleep, power-off, lock screen, and exclusive
full-screen applications can prevent a reminder from breaking through.
The app never unmutes, changes system volume, or wakes the computer.
Audio is suspended while the interactive desktop is locked.
Alarm titles and full join URLs are hidden by default; the clickable
destination host remains visible. Turn presentation privacy off to see
the full URL (truncated visually, with the full address on hover).
Join and Copy link always use the complete link, including join parameters.
Titles are visible in the main window.
This is a prototype, not an unmissable or safety-critical alarm.

DATA AND PRIVACY
State: %LOCALAPPDATA%\MeetingAlarm\state.bin
Calendar snapshots, local alarms, settings, and acknowledgment state are
encrypted using Windows DPAPI for the current user and saved atomically.
MSAL's token cache also uses Windows-protected persistence. No client
secrets, meeting data, or tokens belong in source control.
The generated alarm.wav contains no private information.
Disconnect calendar removes the active calendar snapshot and any saved
Graph account from this app's token cache. It does not sign out or close
classic Outlook. Graph app/client settings are retained for reconnection.
Switching away from Graph retains its protected token cache until you
disconnect; the inactive source does not poll.
Unchecking Windows startup removes this app's HKCU Run entry.
To uninstall a setup-installed copy: quit from the tray, then use Windows
Settings > Apps to find Meeting Alarm and choose Uninstall. Its startup entry
is removed if it still points to this installation.
For a portable copy: disable startup, quit, and remove the application folder.
Optionally remove %LOCALAPPDATA%\MeetingAlarm to delete local state.

ARCHITECTURE / POSSIBLE POWERTOYS CONTRIBUTION
MeetingAlarm.Core: deterministic alarm selection/snooze engine, no UI,
network, authentication, or Windows dependencies.
MeetingAlarm.Outlook: optional delegated MSAL/Graph calendar connector.
MeetingAlarm.ClassicOutlook: optional read-only local Outlook COM connector.
MeetingAlarm.App: WinUI 3 desktop UI, tray, audio, encrypted state, startup.
Separate tests cover scheduling, both connectors, source migration, and
encrypted-state round trips. Run: dotnet test MeetingAlarm.slnx -c Release

ICON ASSETS
Assets are under src\MeetingAlarm.App\Assets. The original vector design
is MeetingAlarm.svg: a white bell with clock hands, an indigo gradient
tile, and an amber notification light. PNG and multi-resolution ICO
versions are included; the icon is used by the executable, taskbar,
notification area, main window, and reminder windows.
To regenerate after editing the SVG, from the project folder:
  powershell.exe -NoProfile -STA -File .\tools\Render-Icon.ps1
  .\tools\Generate-Icon.ps1
These use native Windows drawing APIs; no image service is required.

This is not an official PowerToy. Before proposing integration, search
existing PowerToys issues and seek maintainer agreement on the scenario,
calendar authentication, scope, and implementation. Integration still
needs PowerToys runner/settings/GPO/installer wiring, accessibility and
localization work, and contribution/CLA review. No upstream submission
or claim of acceptance is made by this prototype.
